We are going to look for the depth that the body is ultimately a reaction to
an acid-base plane
with its nervous system and the body's amazing chemistry.
The heart-liver, at some point, the stago, in its development,
it will integrate a thalamic and hypothalamic level into its center.
And if you remember, the hypothalamus also has a role
on a neurofoundational level,
in depth, to perform regulation and will re-dispatch into
a tone, a preferential tone,
of ergotropic or trophotropic type.
This means that the information arriving at a cellular level through an oxidation-reduction system or cyclic AMP and cyclic GMP on the cellular response will be integrated at the level of the hypothalamus, which will then provide information. amplified, your acid-base terrain will be integrated via the bloodstream at the hypothalamo-pituitary level, which will then provide information related to your limbic system and your Papez system, and which will reintegrate this into a tonality. This means that it will give you an ergotropic side, meaning at work, orthosympathetic, or the opposite, trophotropic, so it will go into the recovery system. And that's where you perceive a posture. So through a sympathetic tone or a parasympathetic tone, the hypothalamus must be informed of the totality of this acid-base balance. This expresses a trophotropic or ergotropic tone. At the level of the hypothalamus, you have a predominant acidosis or alkalosis between the tissues. These are local adaptations integrated into intermediate, diaphragmatic levels, linked to movements continually stimulated by these movements. What does that mean? I have synaptic transmission. This is where I have information of the cyclic AMP type or gonadocyclic, that is, two types of transmission which ultimately, at the cellular level, is expressed by an oxidation-reduction system or in other words, acid-base. The whole is recovered. integrated at the neurological level, integrated into the corticospinal pathway and the limbic pathway, so all the memories that interfere, your diet, etc., all of this comes into play, interferes at this level and gives a response, here, in your system, you see, by what are called the paraventricular or supraoptic nuclei. This will give a response in your body. For example, you will go into a left-right, anterior spiral, or right-left, anterior, or left-right, posterior. And you will play on your sphincters. We will see at some point that at the level of your facial pancreatic pentagon, you have different zones with specific sphincter zones. The pyloric sphincter, the duodenal sphincter, the cecal sphincter, the sigmoid sphincter, the sphincter... which will integrate according to your movement. If, for example, I shift my center of gravity to the right or to the left, I have a different action on these sphincters. If I am always like this, a little blocked, I have an action on my sphincters. These sphincters are either open or closed. Either you have diarrhea or constipation. Either you are in quantity. in pre-cancerous or pro-inflammatory. All of this, whether you are in para or ortho, all of this will have repercussions in a specific chemistry, where the body will balance the totality of all this, and it will try to balance itself. It will put you in a state of constipation, or it will put you in a state where you will have to open your center and you will start to have diarrhea. And all of this is expressed by this chemistry integrated at the level...
and that we can re-read in your chemical-postural plan
with phases in external rotation, phases in internal rotation.
Look at his posture, look at his balance, and that's where we start to see that not only can it express itself like that,
it can express itself like that, in fact you start to see a reading of its chemistry.
That's why the body continually tries, through the jars,
of the respiratory act, to adapt to the environment programmed by
your system
hypothalamic-hypophyseal which is located again at the base of the skull.